# Ultratherm Software License Agreement for Non-Commercial Academic Use

Copyright © 2023-2025. Sreenivas Eadara for MagGenix, Inc. All rights reserved.

# Grant of License

Subject to the terms of this License, the copyright holder(s) hereby grant a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, modify, and distribute the Software solely for non-commercial academic purposes. Commercial Use of the software is prohibited. 

* “Software” refers to the Ultratherm Python package, modules, and/or source code in source form, bytecode form, and/or binary form, with or without modification.  
* “Commercial Use” is defined as any use of the Software for financial, commercial, or strategic gain.  
* “Derivative Work” is defined as any improvements or modifications made to or based on the Software.

# Conditions

1. Proper Credit must be given to the contributor(s) in Derivative Work, in Software utilization, and in usage of data generated by the Software. This includes but is not limited to scientific publications and abstracts where the Software or data generated by the Software was used in the preparation of the publication or abstract. “Proper Credit” involves listing the contributor(s) by name and referencing the Software version and associated documentation.  
2. Redistributions in source form must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  
3. Redistributions in bytecode form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation provided with the distribution.  
4. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation provided with the distribution.  
5. The Software must not be redistributed for any fee, whether directly or indirectly, including as part of a paid package, SaaS offering, or bundled product.  
6. Web applications that use the Software in source form, bytecode form, or binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in online documentation provided with the web application.  
7. Neither the name of the copyright holder(s) nor the names of its contributor(s) may be used to endorse or promote Derivative Work without specific prior written permission.  
8. Derivative Works must remain subject to this license and may not be used for Commercial Use unless a separate license agreement is obtained from MagGenix, Inc.

# Disclaimer

**The Software is provided by the copyright holder(s) and contributor(s) "as is" and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, are disclaimed.  In no event shall the copyright holder(s) or contributor(s) be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this Software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.**

# Contact

For any questions about the Ultratherm Software License Agreement for Non-Commercial Academic Use, or to inquire about licensing the Software for Commercial Use, please contact the copyright holder(s)—MagGenix, Inc.—at info.maggenix@gmail.com.